docs: 📝 move user roles, use cases, user stories to User Requirements (#96)
seedcase-project/design: software/introduction.qmd

### Users

The Seedcase framework is developed and designed with four users and

> their associated use cases in mind. The four users, which are described

Author: I guess, technically, these 4 are roles for users rather than the users themselves, but maybe we don't have to be that pedantic in the introduction, so I didn't change it here.

Reviewer: I think it makes sense to change it to "user roles" here.

Author: I've accepted Luke's suggestion below which was also about this :)

> their associated use cases in mind. The four users, which are described

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
their associated use cases in mind. These four users we've translated into user roles, which are described
```

in more detail on the [User Requirements](user-requirements.qmd) page,
are:

1.  **Data Contributor**: inputs data to the Data Resource, e.g.,
    authorized centers and researchers.
2.  **Data Requester**: requests access to a subset of data in the Data
    Resource, e.g., researchers and clinicians.
3.  **Administrator**: manages the Data Resource. Data controllers, as

>     defined by the GDPR, fall into this category.\

Author: Is this GDPR bit correct?

Reviewer 3: I think so, if the controller is a person. I agree that often it will be the institution 'owning' the data, but if it is a person responsible for the handling and use of the data, then I would expect that they would get admin access to the system if required. It was written some time ago, we may want to flesh it out a bit.

>     defined by the GDPR, fall into this category.\

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    defined by the GDPR, fall into this category.
```
